A thousand times
Do you think Ben is joking with you?
You can't be the richest man on earth
Go underground your brother I satisfy you
What are you doing?
Brother, I'll send you on your way
Good road big brother
Hahahaha
That's how adults are
Hahahahaha
Who are you?
This is the richest man signing party
No one is allowed in
The temple is here
Idle people, go away
Temple? What is that?
A bunch of beautiful women
Don't your shopkeepers enjoy it?
Stop
Can't you understand human language? If we have to listen
Call me
Mom save dad
I'll strangle you little bad guy
I'll strangle you.
Go up go up
The whole hall is here
Who dares to make trouble?